<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
<h:head><title>Managed Beans III (Advanced Features)</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="styles.css"  />
</h:head>
<h:body>
<h1 class="title">Managed Beans III (Advanced Features)</h1>
<p>
Click on one of the following links.
</p>
<ul>
  <li><a href="jsf/bank-lookup.jsf">bank-lookup.jsf</a><br/>
      Unchanged banking example from the Managed Beans I lecture.
      Included here only to compare to bank-lookup2.jsf, which uses
      session scope instead of request scope.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/bank-lookup2.jsf">bank-lookup2.jsf</a><br/>
      Similar to the previous banking example, but uses session scope.
      Visit the input form in the same browser session and it will "remember" your ID.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/bank-lookup3.jsf">bank-lookup3.jsf</a><br/>
      Similar to the previous banking example, but in addition to session scope,
      it uses redirects instead of forwards to go to the results pages.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/search-engine-form.jsf">search-engine-form.jsf</a><br/>
      Example that uses the HttpServletResponse object to do
      outside-of-JSF redirects, making an interface that lets you search
      Google, Bing, Yahoo, etc.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/bank-lookup4.jsf">bank-lookup4.jsf</a><br/>
      Similar to the original banking example, but uses dependency injection
      for the lookup service, so that it is easier to change the lookup service
      used (e.g., from simple hard-coded one to real one that uses a database) without
      changing the any of the code in the main class. If you want fancy dependency injection,
      JSF 2 also has good integration with Spring.</li>
</ul>


<ui:include src="/snippets/training-course-ad.xhtml"/>
</h:body></html>