<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>JSF 2.2 Whirlwind Tour</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="styles.css"  />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        
        <h1 class="title">JSF 2.2 Whirlwind Tour</h1>
        <p>This section gives a quick example of each of the most basic JSF 2.2
            capabilities. This tutorial section gives only brief examples with very limited
            explanation, but each of the topics is covered in detail in later sections
            of the <a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/jsf2/">JSF 2.2 tutorial</a>
            and the <a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/primefaces/">PrimeFaces tutorial</a>.
            Also, the topics given here are only the most basic ones: the full tutorial covers many other
            important but not-quite-as-fundamental topics such as looping with ui:repeat, data
            tables, composite components (four sections!), property files, I18N, GUI events,
            view parameters, and so on.</p>
        <p>Click on one of the links below to get a quick example of the
            capability.</p>
        <ul>
            <li><a href="jsf/setup.jsf">setup.jsf</a> --
                Set up your IDE and project to use JSF 2.2.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details, see the "Installation, Setup, and Getting Started" section.</font></li>
            <li><a href="jsf/test-tags.jsf">test-tags.jsf</a> --
                Verify that h:commandButton and h:inputText are rendered as
                a button and a textfield, respectively.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details, see the "Installation, Setup, and Getting Started" section.</font></li>
            <li><a href="jsf/navigate.jsf">navigate.jsf</a> --
                Use Java to navigate to a results page. Uses the return
                value of the "action" method as the base name of the page to 
                navigate to.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details on declaring beans and implicit navigation (where the return
                    value of the action controller method is the base name of the results page), see the 
                    "Programming Basics" section.
                    For fancier navigation that uses rules defined in faces-config.xml, see
                    the section entitled "Explicit Page Navigation and faces-config.xml".</font></li>
            <li><a href="jsf/bean-properties.jsf">bean-properties.jsf</a> --
                Represent form data with bean properties.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details on beans, see the Managed Beans 1 and Managed Beans 2 sections.</font></li>
            <li><a href="jsf/business-logic.jsf">business-logic.jsf</a> --
                Apply business logic to calculate results that are
                derived from values passed in by user.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details, see the banking example of the Managed Beans 1 section.</font></li>
            <li><a href="jsf/page-templating.jsf">page-templating.jsf</a> --
                Use page templates and include files to avoid repeating
                facelets code.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details, see the Page Templating section.</font></li>
            <li><a href="jsf/validate-data.jsf">validate-data.jsf</a> --
                Validate the input data, and display error messages on
                input form if data is in wrong format.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details, see the section on validating user input.</font></li>
            <li><a href="jsf/ajax.jsf">ajax.jsf</a> --
                Ajaxify the pages so that results can be
                inserted into current page without doing
                a complete page reload.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details, see the Ajax section.</font></li>  
            <li><a href="jsf/primefaces.jsf">primefaces.jsf</a> --
                Make your GUI elements prettier by using PrimeFaces.<br/>
                <font size="-1">For details, see the separate
                    <a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/primefaces/">PrimeFaces tutorial series</a>.</font></li> 
        </ul>


        <ui:include src="/templates/common/training-course-ad.xhtml"/>
    </h:body></html>

