<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head><title>PrimeFaces: String Input Elements (Part 2)</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="styles.css"  />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
<h1 class="title">PrimeFaces: Overlays and Popup Windows</h1>
<p>
Click on one of the following links.
</p>
<ul>
  <li><a href="jsf/navigation/editor1.jsf">editor1.jsf</a><br/>
      Message input (with rich editor) with ordinary h:message. Used for comparison to later versions.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/navigation/editor2.jsf">editor2.jsf</a><br/>
      Replaced h:message with p:message.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/navigation/editor3.jsf">editor3.jsf</a><br/>
      Added p:tooltip.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/navigation/editor4.jsf">editor4.jsf</a><br/>
      Replaced p:message with p:growl.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/navigation/editor5.jsf">editor5.jsf</a><br/>
      Used p:dialog instead of separate results page. No on-page validation.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/navigation/editor6.jsf">editor6.jsf</a><br/>
      Used p:dialog and on-page validation.</li>
  <li><a href="jsf/navigation/editor7.jsf">editor7.jsf</a><br/>
      Used p:confirmDialog.</li>
  <!-- TODO: Cover p:notificationBar here instead of in panels section -->
</ul>




<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><hr/>
<font size="-3">All code from the
<a href="http://courses.coreservlets.com/Course-Materials/">
coreservlets.com J2EE tutorials (JSF 2, PrimeFaces, Ajax with jQuery, GWT, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Hadoop, 
SOAP-based and RESTful Web Services, Android development, Java 7 programming, Java 8 lambda expressions and
Streams, servlets, JSP, custom topics, etc.)</a>. There are also live instructor-led
<a href="http://courses.coreservlets.com/">training courses on
the same J2EE topics (JSF 2, PrimeFaces, Ajax with jQuery, GWT, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Hadoop, 
SOAP-based and RESTful Web Services, Android development, Java 7 programming, Java 8 lambda expressions and
Streams, servlets, JSP, custom topics, etc.)</a> These courses
can be customized and taught onsite at <i>your</i> organization.
Also see the <a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/jsf2/">JSF 2 tutorial</a> and the
<a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/primefaces/">PrimeFaces tutorial</a>.</font>
    </h:body></html>