<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>PrimeFaces: Number Input Elements</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="styles.css"  />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>


        <h1 class="title">PrimeFaces: Number Input Elements</h1>
        <p>
            Click on one of the following links.
        </p>
        <ul>
            <li><a href="jsf/navigation/spinners.jsf">spinners.jsf</a><br/>
                Gathering numeric input with spinners (textfields with up/down arrows). Can gather int or double.</li>
            <li><a href="jsf/navigation/sliders.jsf">sliders.jsf</a><br/>
                Gathering numeric input with sliders. Can gather int or double.</li>
            <li><a href="jsf/navigation/ratings.jsf">ratings.jsf</a><br/>
                Gathering numeric input with rating bars (stars that you click on). Only for int.</li>
        </ul>



        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><hr/>
        <font size="-3">All code from the
            <a href="http://courses.coreservlets.com/Course-Materials/">
                coreservlets.com J2EE tutorials (JSF 2, PrimeFaces, Ajax with jQuery, GWT, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Hadoop, 
                SOAP-based and RESTful Web Services, Android development, Java 7 programming, Java 8 lambda expressions and
                Streams, servlets, JSP, custom topics, etc.)</a>. There are also live instructor-led
            <a href="http://courses.coreservlets.com/">training courses on
                the same J2EE topics (JSF 2, PrimeFaces, Ajax with jQuery, GWT, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Hadoop, 
                SOAP-based and RESTful Web Services, Android development, Java 7 programming, Java 8 lambda expressions and
                Streams, servlets, JSP, custom topics, etc.)</a> These courses
            can be customized and taught onsite at <i>your</i> organization.
            Also see the <a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/jsf2/">JSF 2 tutorial</a> and the
            <a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/primefaces/">PrimeFaces tutorial</a>.</font>
   
    
<ul>
  <li>Selected number: #{testBean.number}</li>
  <li>Selected date: #{testBean.date}</li>
</ul>
    
    </h:body></html>

